# MetaInsight-COVID

Network meta-analysis has been increasingly adopted worldwide by Cochrane reviews, guideline developers and decision-making bodies to identify the optimal treatment choices for a given indication.  However, the results of network meta-analysis have been traditionally produced statically, precluding stakeholders to ‘dig deeper’ into the analysis and interrogate with their own judgement. Additionally, amid the Covid-19 pandemic, unnecessary and duplicated reviews have been proposed which essentially analyse from the same pool of evidence. As such, we developed the ‘MetaInsight COVID-19’ app as a piloting case for an interactive free online platform to eliminate such duplicated efforts, empower users to freely analyse the data and improve scientific transparency.

The ‘MetaInsight COVID-19’ app (https://crsu.shinyapps.io/metainsightcovid/) was developed to conduct network meta-analysis with the evolving randomised controlled trial evidence on pharmacological treatments for COVID-19. The app was actively incorporating the living evidence weekly between 19th May – 19th Oct 2020. The app includes embedded functions to facilitate users to freely select studies to combine, as deemed to be appropriate based on the characteristics table, and the results are displayed in real time. It allows both frequentist and Bayesian network meta-analysis to be conducted as well as consistency and heterogeneity tests. A demonstration of the app was provided and experiences of building such a platform were discussed.

It was hoped that this approach to publishing would help eliminate duplicated efforts when reviewing/synthesising the evidence and allow stakeholders to conduct detailed analyses tailored to their own needs and preferences rather than relying on specific and static analyses in published reviews. Through this MetaInsight special version in Covid-19, we hope others would be inspired to build similar open platforms for interactive data interrogation, visualisation and reporting format for any traditional or ‘living’ (network) meta-analysis. 
